Updated requirements to include supported Node.js versions (#86)
returntocorp/bento: README.md

### Requirements

> Bento is supported onmacOS Mojave (10.14) and Ubuntu 18.04+, and requires

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bento is supported on MacOS Mojave (10.14) and Ubuntu 18.04+, and requires
```

> Python version 3.6 or later, and pip3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python 3.6 or later, and pip3.
```
